Okay this topic is becoming a real headache AGAIN!
Go back to the Schedule module. Do a deep analysis and run a full doc scanning and codebase understanding. The issue is that i feel it is too weak and not coherant across different pages.
Let me start by clarifying my purpose, and review the weak points and fix them. Here is the flow/explanation i see for my different pages and multiple alternating features:

1. On Calendar web view: I should have for task duration like i have on catalogue modal.
   For reminder and Tasks i should also have location
   For all types, add like in catalogue: At Home, Outside home + location, Anywhere
   Also add Subtasks for all Types

2. On weekly view, when i add a flexible item, it should be created as a normal item like everything else on all my calendars views and should take into considerations all the prefilled fields from catalogue including the Duration (This is 1 bug i noticed. there could be more...)

3. Undo on Calendar after an item is set to compelete didn't work, not sure if it was an issue with optimistic UI or Persistence...Make sure this is covered everywhere! THe hard rule of Optimistic UI vs Persistence, vs reload. Also add a more clearer animation of the refresh icon on Calendar web view to know that it completed reloading....

4. Allow me to adjust the duration of an item while adding it from Catalogue (either the flexible or the recurrent) also when marking as completed, ask me for Tasks type only, how much time did it take me to complete this item (optional input not required)

5. I have an item 'Mass' sunday at 11 AM with an alert set to 30 mins before. Today (monday) i received a notificaiton at 10:30 am about Mass...this is so bad. And after checking, this item only appears for some reason on mobile view under Plan navigation under hook /recurring no idea why...It shouldn't be there.../recurring hook > Schedule should show same like everywhere else... for today's schedule
   check the notification table how it is handled, what is written in it. also make sure it has cascaded mutation and deletion if the item was postponed, you should postpone the alert with it, if it was deleted or cancelled you should as well remove the alert. if it was marked as completed, also remove the alert.

6. On Mobile view > Activitiy: Default the filter to 'This week'.
   When i click on quick viewing an item, Edit button isn't working.

Make sure the database tables are also aligned and well structured:
All tables are coherent!
All Cascading is well structured
All RLS Are optimal: When i create an item, I Own it; if it is public, all partners in the household can see it, act on it: Complete, postpone, skip... If it is private i only view it...

If you have any question, suggestions, enhancement, bug...ask me if anything is not clear!
